at Villa Park leaves and Chelsea resumed
their fifth round saga on neutral ground
and its leaves in dark trunks attacking
both at home and at Stamford Bridge lead
scored first and Chelsea were
hard-pressed to equalize
free kick to Jersey
here he comes Dunn tries to hit clear
but Roy Bentley dashes in then Chelsea
have scored
beckham leads they've had about four
hours of chelsea now and this is the
first time they've been in arrears the
ball goes to don mills a first-timer
he scored they're all square again this
is where we came in
that's Rao's the pensioners here's the
new left-wing in action gray and Bentley
on the edge of the penalty area Bobby
Smith burst through the defense he
shoots
when Chelsea leading 2-1 at halftime
Bobby Smith makes it 3-1 with his when
the nineteen-year-old completes his
Hetrick
it's all over for me
but lead still keep trying
he is burdened away down the left wing
Don Mills has a chance but Robertson
intercepts
her foot hits the post and it's art time
around the Chelsea goal shall dawn
middle sends a blinder over the top
at the other end Chelsea attack again
and it's Bobby Smith with a perfect pass
degrade the left winger shoots
chelsey pass into the six round to meet
Sheffield United and another dose of
your chair